[CNSL-1392] add cockroach_restore resource (#295)
cockroachdb/terraform-provider-cockroach: docs/resources/restore.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cockroach_restore Resource - terraform-provider-cockroach"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   CockroachDB Cloud restore. Used to start a restore operation from a managed backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  CockroachDB Cloud restore. Used to start a restore job from a managed backup.
```

---

# cockroach_restore (Resource)

> CockroachDB Cloud restore. Used to start a restore operation from a managed backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CockroachDB Cloud restore. Used to start a restore job from a managed backup.
```

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cockroach_restore" "database_restore" {
  destination_cluster_id = "12345678-1234-4123-8123-123456789abc"
  type                   = "DATABASE"

>   source_cluster_id      = "deadbeef-dead-4bee-8def-deadbeefcafe"

Reviewer: Dead beef cafe? No change needed but curious about the name

  restore_opts = {
    new_db_name = "new_database"
    schema_only = true
  }

  object {
    database = "database1"
  }
}

resource "cockroach_restore" "table_restore" {
  destination_cluster_id = "12345678-1234-4123-8123-123456789abc"
  type                   = "TABLE"
  backup_id              = "11111111-1111-4111-8111-111111111111"

  restore_opts = {
    into_db                   = "other_database"
    skip_localities_check     = true
    skip_missing_foreign_keys = true
    skip_missing_sequences    = true
  }

  object {
    database = "database1"
    schema   = "schema1"
    table    = ["table_a", "table_b"]
  }

  object {
    database = "database2"
    schema   = "schema2"
    table    = ["table_c"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_cluster_id` (String) ID of the cluster where the backup will be restored.
- `type` (String) The type of restore to be performed. Allowed values are: `CLUSTER` or `DATABASE` or `TABLE`.

### Optional

> - `backup_id` (String) ID of the managed backup from which data will be restored. If this value is not set, the restore operation uses the most recent available backup on the source cluster.
> - `objects` (Block List) The list of objects to restore. Required when the restore operation type is DATABASE or TABLE. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--objects))
> - `restore_opts` (Attributes) Additional options controlling the behavior of the restore operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restore_opts))
> - `source_cluster_id` (String) ID of the source cluster containing the managed backup to be restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `backup_id` (String) ID of the managed backup from which data will be restored. If this value is not set, the restore job uses the most recent available backup on the source cluster.
- `objects` (Block List) The list of objects to restore. Required when the restore job type is DATABASE or TABLE. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--objects))
- `restore_opts` (Attributes) Additional options controlling the behavior of the restore job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restore_opts))
- `source_cluster_id` (String) ID of the source cluster containing the managed backup to be restored.
```

### Read-Only

> - `completion_percent` (Number) Decimal value showing the percentage of the restore operation that has been completed. Value ranges from 0 to 1.
> - `created_at` (String) The time at which the restore operation was initiated.
> - `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
> - `status` (String) The current status of the restore operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `completion_percent` (Number) Decimal value showing the percentage of the restore job that has been completed. Value ranges from 0 to 1.
- `created_at` (String) The time at which the restore job was initiated.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The current status of the restore job.
```

<a id="nestedblock--objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `objects`

Required:

> - `database` (String) The database name in the fully qualified name of the objects to be restored. In the case of an operation that restores `tpcc.public.warehouse`, this value would be `tpcc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `database` (String) The database name in the fully qualified name of the objects to be restored. In the case of an job that restores `tpcc.public.warehouse`, this value would be `tpcc`.
```

Optional:

> - `schema` (String) The schema name in the fully qualified name of the objects to be restored. In the case of an operation that restores `tpcc.public.warehouse`, this value would be `public`.
> - `tables` (List of String) The table name in the fully qualified name of the objects to be restored. In the case of an operation that restores `tpcc.public.warehouse`, this would value be `warehouse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `schema` (String) The schema name in the fully qualified name of the objects to be restored. In the case of a job that restores `tpcc.public.warehouse`, this value would be `public`.
- `tables` (List of String) The table name in the fully qualified name of the objects to be restored. In the case of a job that restores `tpcc.public.warehouse`, this would value be `warehouse`.
```
